Add 'includeUsersWithoutSeat' to enable ingestion of Gitlab users without seat (#26677)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/spotty-jokes-boil.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-gitlab': patch
---

> Added includeUsersWithoutSeat allows to import users without paid seat, e.g. for Gitlab Free on SaaS. Defaults to false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a `includeUsersWithoutSeat` config option that allow import users without paid seat, e.g. for Gitlab Free on SaaS. Defaults to false
```
